can you believe it your tax dollars
aren't spent appropriately no seriously
they're squandered how surprising you
came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you let's take
a look at this company today can you yes
well the United States announced use it
that it would impose duties on imports
of a new jet made by Canadian company
Bombardier the decision is likely to
feel trade tensions between United
States and Canada we're talking about
trade wars everybody this is big but
it's just a small step of course the two
countries face off over the future of
NAFTA in response to the trade case
filed by Boeing check this out the
United States Commerce Department ruled
that Bombardier CSeries aircraft grade
these are smaller jets had received
subsidies of two hundred and twenty
percent of the planes sale price and
instead of a beginning begin collecting
duties equivalent to that amount we're
talking about huge amounts of money and
they go from you and I to them that's
what you need to understand the
government doesn't have money they have
our money that's the distinction that's
not really made well look government why
don't you build that government why
don't you take care of that government
the roads need to be fixed government
the sky needs to be blue and let's make
sure government takes care of everything
every facet of our lives government keep
me safe and while maybe government
should do certain things they should not
be doing other things and that is
favoritism there's so many no-bid
contracts out there that it's absurd
truly absurd unless you understand
what's going on of course that will more
than triple the price of the new
so obviously sales not going to do very
well look at this another article about
the same issue bombardier has gone to
great lengths to suppress the release of
information about the government funding
that it receives heading to court
ten times in nine years often citing
competitive concerns think about that
that ten times out of the past nine
years people want information about
what's going on with this company and
they're unable to get it last year last
October in fact Quebec agreed to invest
1 billion dollars in Bombardier CSeries
commercial jet program so this province
is investing big money and they're doing
so to some degree I could definitely
understand you want the economy to keep
going public works projects you want to
keep people employed you want factories
you want all of this to be happening
that's fine it's the engine you're
throwing coals in there you know you're
getting it going there's a difference
though between trying to get the economy
going and simply helping on your friends
that's the difference and once again the
distinction is clearly not made court
records and access to information
documents obtained obtained by the
Financial Post show how difficult it is
to clean the outcome of previous
government support of the montreal-based
aerospace giant even as Ottawa considers
request for another 1 billion dollars in
aid you know governments are guilty of
one thing and that is foreign aid and
corporate aid they give it to companies
in need to give it to individuals
indirectly or sometimes directly they
bail out certain governments they bail
out certain corporations how many times
have you voted on a bailout the only
time
i've ever seen a vote being done of a
bailout was Greece if I'm not mistaken
back in 2015 and they said do you want
to vote
let's have this referendum you decide do
you want the third bailout they said no
the government said screw you that's the
way this works then we give foreign aid
to hold these countries around the world
where we're just handing out billions
and billions of billions of dollars and
what do we see for it I don't know maybe
we do see something in exchange but we
have our own problems no matter where
you live we have our own problems and
the amount of money that we are giving
up to corporations or the countries can
be used to fill in the gaps that we have
in our country but maybe I'm bad for
saying that am i because I want to help
out people that I know are in need go to
the stock or bar DA immediately takes a
dip downward shouldn't surprise anybody
I thought that that was probably the
case when I was reading these articles
went over to this stock chart got it any
bad news like this I mean I'm surprised
it is only seven point nine percent ten
point four nine percent because it
should be a lot more if that's the case
at least in the short-term remember to
always look at the news when you look at
these articles and see how that effects
financially and this is basically just
quickly to show you the actual documents
showing you the values here it's
probably a little blurry for you on your
screen but you can see the link find out
your post as posted this so you can take
a look at that if you're interested I
think I've made all my points
essentially that I don't like big
government I just don't I don't like the
fact that they try and handle every
little thing I think it is terrible I
think that it only makes things worse
and we have to face it every day it's
just the way it is every little thing
that we do they have their
inside of it and quite frankly it's just
it's just really disappointing but you
can do things to become self-sufficient
to wean off of the dependence of the
system and the monetary system and do
good for yourself and for your family
that's the positive message so if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up if I didn't unveil the
truth for you then give me a thumbs down
and last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS on my new
released global economic collapse even
more informative you can look through
these books at Amazon links are in the
description below take care delusional
late at night